---
title: Log - Sprint 8 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-8
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Objectives

- Deploy watsonx.ai on self-managed AWS infrastructure.

## Accomplishments
**AWS**
- Discovered new end to end OCP UPI deployment asset on AWS.
- Successful podman image pull from boot node.
- Discussed on-site logistiscs and start time.
- Made aware of necessary review teams and contacts.


**RAG**
- Creation of cronjob to capture logs from Python app.
- Enabled metadata insertion into chunks in vector store -> (hopefully) increases retrieval accuracy
- Return context to user (shows sources used to generate responses)
- Added mixtral model support
- Enable functionality for user to give custom rag parameters
- Migrated vector DB from FAISS to chromaDB to enable the metadata functionality
- Script written to easily test rag implementation and save results in csv
- Implemented cache logic to make sure it considers combination of parameters as well before chosing to send a cached response



## In Progress
- End-to-end deployment of OCP, CP4D, and watsonx.ai (with GPU node)
    - Testing new UPI deployment plan
- RAG usecases, patterns, high level architecture and integrations doucment being compiled for next week.
- Cloud Pak for Data entitlement key procurement.



## Next Steps
- Kick off on-site over the shoulder working sessions for deployment.
- Deploy latest RAG version on AWS


## Tracking (Issues)
- Require sign-off on final CloudFormation template.
- Red Hat CoreOS AMI still pending approval.
- RHOCP is strictly prohibited for higher level environments.



